The single most important factor for
determining whether your video is going
to go viral or not isn't the editing.
It's not the video quality or even the
script. [music] Look, this is my
Instagram profile. And if you scroll
down for 2 minutes, you will find this
video. This is my last video that I
posted to Instagram that's gotten less
[music] than 100,000 views. And it was
922 days ago. Meanwhile, most business
owners out there struggle to scratch
[music] a,000 views consistently, much
less 100,000. Now, some people will
think creators like myself will get
these types of results because of maybe
the editing, the script, or even luck.
Or maybe it's because of my deep voice,
my golden skin, and my perpetual genius.
But the truth is, they're wrong. And if
you think that, you're wrong. Except for
the last three. Because after working
with over 200 different business owners
and generating hundreds of millions of
views, [music] I've realized that the
key difference on how I predictably
create [music] viral content now
everyone else tries to can be distilled
down into one key idea. That key idea
being my concept [music] that I call
narrow products. And in today's video,
you'll be seeing a recent 32minute live
training from inside my highest level
program, Nexus, where I revealed [music]
exactly how to apply this concept to a
group of 32 6, seven, and 8 figureure
business owners. [music]
>> My fingers are not keeping up with all
this I'm receiving.
>> So, be ready to [music] take notes
because if you implement what you're
about to see, then creating viral
content will be inevitable.
>> All righty. So, let's start here. Who
here has heard me talk about narrow
problems before? What narrow problem
means?
>> Yeah. So, basically a narrower problem
is also a narrow a more narrow solution.
So, like if I'm saying how to lose 50
lbs in 30 days or something like that,
like there it's going to be super
generic because I can't get a super
narrow solution. But if I narrow down
the problem to like how to lose 5 lbs in
30 days or something, I don't know,
something more narrow than that. But you
get the point. like I can create a very
narrow solution that's unique and that
actually delivers the result quickly.
>> Oh, makes sense. All right, let's go and
take a look at these videos. Again, some
of you guys have seen this board before.
I think it's well worth revisiting the
board based off the results of the last
call. So, what we'll do is we'll watch
these two videos. As you can see, we
have a video from this guy, this guy
with the big legs, and then we have Mr.
Jeff Nippard. So, these two are around
the same topic, which is basically how
to get bigger legs. So, I'll watch the
broad one first, then I'll watch the
narrow one, and then I'm going to ask a
group of you which video you guys think
is more valuable. So, let's start with
the guy with the big legs.
>> If your goal is to build some nice tree
trunks for your legs, you need to follow
this quad and glute workout. We're going
to start with barbell reverse lunges.
We're going to [music] be doing three
sets of eight to 10 reps per leg. Next,
we're going to be doing a seated hack
squat. We'll be doing one and a half
reps here, [music] which means doing an
extra partial rep at the bottom. Next,
we'll be doing a sumo stance for Smith
machine squats to target the glutes.
[music] And we'll be doing about 12 to
15 reps on this. And then we're going to
move on to leg extensions, single leg
and alternating. We're going to be doing
12 reps on this per leg. And then moving
on to abduction machine. You want to be
holding each rep one [music] second. And
then this one, you want to be doing
about 12 to 15 reps. And we're going to
be finishing off with seated calf raise
for about three sets of 15 reps holding
the stretch and the contraction every
rep. Make sure you save this video to
have this workout with you and follow me
for more value. Beautiful. So, watching
that video, I can definitely see a lot
of similarities within the content that
he created versus the content that you
guys are creating currently. Now,
there's questions I have around this
video, but before we even get there,
let's go and watch the more narrow video
from Mr. Jeff Nippard. Definitely the
most video. This is
>> He always does his leg extensions like
this. So with the seat up and his back
more upright. So the way most people do
them. But he does something different.
He always sets the seat back and
declines his torso. Who do you think
will actually grow [music] bigger quads?
Well, a brand new study tested this.
Scientists had people train with either
the seat up position with their hips
flexed at around 90° or with the seat
back position with their hips flexed at
40°. [music] After 10 weeks of training,
here's the cool part. There was no
difference in quad growth except one
head called the rectus feorous grew way
better with the seat back. It saw 170%
more [music] growth. This is a huge
difference because the rectus feorous is
a huge head. Does this mean that your
quads are going to look like Jay Cubbers
in 8 weeks as long as you set the seat
back? Now, the actual amount of muscle
gain was only [music] a few millimeters,
but compounded over years of training, I
do think that doing your leg extensions
with the seat back will lead to your
best possible gains. All right.
So, two different videos, both talking
around similar topics, which is just
basically how to get bigger legs.
However, the way that they presented the
solution on how to do so is very, very
different. One gave a very very broad
solution around all the leg exercises
that you can do and one narrowed down
not only to one particular exercise you
can do to get bigger legs, but the best
position to do that workout. That's just
more uh I'd say it's just more specific
as to like um like it narrows it down to
like a specific exercise you could do
that maybe you already do leg extensions
or leg curls or whatever, but like how
to just take it a step further, you know
what I mean?
>> What were the exercises that this guy
mentioned inside of his video?
>> Um I know the first one was it was like
reverse lunges with a barbell on the
Smith machine or something like that.
And then uh I think another one was like
a sumo squats. But um that's honestly
all that I remember.
>> Austin, which one obviously you're a big
guy, Mr. Austin. Obviously you got big
legs yourself. Mr. Tree Trunks, which
one would you find to be more valuable?
>> Uh for the second one with Jeff, but
what I the difference for me is like
it's something I can actually remember.
Like I can go and actually execute it
instead of trying to go back and pause
and write everything down. It's like I'm
going to save that video over the other
one because it's it's specific and I
it's easy to do.
>> Off this glance right here, who would
you rather watch?
>> Oh, probably the one on the left.
>> You got huge [__] legs. I'd say this
guy has the advantage initially.
However, he launched this immediately
after whenever he started to solve too
big of a problem, which is how to grow
legs.
>> And this is something that I would see a
lot of you guys make as a mistake within
your content. So to explain and expand
on this a little bit deeper, this is a
post I would have made maybe around
three months ago and [sighs]
I thought it was perfect. I haven't
changed the word on this [__] post
cuz I still think it's perfect. But I
think this kind of expands on the
concept of the difference in between
making broad videos versus narrow
videos. So I read it out for you guys,
some of you for the eighth time, others
for the first time. Smart creators
versus dumb creators. Dumb creators try
to solve big problems. However, smart
creators, they guarantee small wins. The
biggest reason why your videos aren't
getting the views that they want isn't
because you don't have good advice. It's
because you're trying to solve an
impossible problem in 90 seconds. To
give you an example, a fitness coach
will make a video about here's how to
lose 100 pounds in 10 months. But then
that said fitness coach ends up being
forced to give generic advice like be in
a calorie deficit, eat more protein, and
lift weights simply because you cannot
fit the full solution of losing 100 lbs
into a 90-cond video. So then what? Your
viewer leaves your video not with a win,
but with a thousand new unanswered
questions. How do I track my food? How
much protein should I eat? What's the
best workout plan? In this scenario of
you trying to solve this humongous
problem in that you didn't give your
viewer value, you gave them homework
because now they have to go figure out
how to do all these three things. But
what smart creators like Jeff Nipper do
is they choose an extremely narrow
problem which allows them to guarantee a
small win or I think a better frame
might even be a uh to guarantee a
result. For example, in this video
above, it was 54 seconds, which is I
would say probably the similar time to
this video whenever it comes down to
duration. However, all he talked about
within those 54 seconds is if you lean
your seat back on your leg extensions,
it'll give you 170% more quad growth.
And in that, he chose one specific nar
problem and guaranteed a small win.
I would say big win if you look at it
from the numerical standpoint of 100 and
170% more quad growth.
And that is the philosophy behind
a broad video versus a narrow video. So
now that we understand this, I want to
look at three more examples and we'll
break down how to create well more so
specifically why narrow videos are
better than broad outside of what we
just covered. And then I'll go over how
to narrow down your ideas. That way you
can do the same for your content. So we
have three different videos here. One
around how to increase restaurant
revenue, the second one around how to
find a new job. The third one around how
to grow muscle. So let's take a look at
this one. How to increase restaurant
revenue. So you can see the difference
in between the view counts here. This
one got 604 views. This one got 12
million views. Let's take a look at this
one. Six very important things for a
profitable profitable restaurant. One,
greasy fast speed. Be fast. It's not
Europe. Be fast. People like fast. Be
fast. Two consistency. It's boring when
it's done right. Be boring. Three, you
get the staff you deserve. So, if you
think your staff are idiots, they're
going to reward you and prove you right.
Four, leadership in an office does not
make for a successful restaurant. When
you got all your managers playing brickb
breaker in the office, you got a bad
kitchen, you got a bad floor. Have your
managers on the floor. Five. If your
food isn't incredible,
it's not going to last. And what I mean
by that is it has to be like, "Oh my
god, this is the best thing I've ever
had of this version of it." And that's
really hard to do with thousand items.
So don't do that and stick with what
you're really great at. So people come
there and have, "Oh, wow. This is really
great." And nothing else. Lastly, every
single problem that comes your way, you
should be able to answer it this way.
Does this make us more revenue or save
us money or make the customer experience
better? Because it does none of those,
it's nothing you should be worrying
about. Hey, and let's light up 2025
together. Comment, review, and we will
look at what you got going on and see if
it's a fit for us to dance together.
[laughter]
All right. Who here works in the um
Avante, do you own a restaurant?
>> Yeah, four of them, actually.
>> All right, Avante, based off the
information inside this video. Number
one, can you name any of the things that
he mentioned?
>> Yes, cuz I've seen this multiple times,
but it's a very boring video, and I want
to close my eyes and sleep watching it.
>> Okay, you've seen this before. Let's say
Raven, do you own any restaurants?
>> I ran a restaurant right here.
>> Yeah,
>> but my family did own a restaurant when
I was younger. All right, Am Raven, what
were you guys thoughts on this?
>> Uh, first thing I was like, he's
definitely right about all of those
things. Um, but it didn't really capture
the attention. And like you said, there
each each one of those in itself could
be like 15 videos on how to actually
accomplish each one of those. It's it's
very hard uh to execute on anything he
said basically. So like the general
concepts are correct. Uh but it there's
nothing actionable that you can actually
take from that and make your restaurant
better tomorrow.
>> What was one of the things to be mission
tapped?
>> Uh be on the floor. Uh
give your uh employees a good reputation
to live up to. Uh
>> okay. How do you do any
>> based off the information only inside
this video? How do you do that?
>> Like I said, it's not actionable. None
of it's really actionable.
>> So
>> yeah, [clears throat] exactly. That is
that is an example of a broad video.
Let's take anam let's take a look at an
example of a narrow video that got a
results that I think we would all be
happy with assuming that we could get 12
million views. Let's take a look.
Here's how a restaurant used mints to
make more money. If you've ever seen
mints by the door at a restaurant,
here's what that restaurant's doing
wrong and what you can use that same
psychology in your business to help all
of your employees make more money. So,
when they took the mints from the door
and actually gave them to the waitresses
to give out when they gave the bill,
they all got increases in tips. But the
way they gave them out actually changed
how much they got as the increase. So
when they handed the bill with a mint,
they got a 3% boost in tips. When they
handed the bill with two mints, they got
a 14% boost. And the third version of
how they tried it was the best one. They
handed the bill with one mint on it.
They started to walk away and then they
turned around and came back and put
another mint on the platter. And people
gave a 23% boost in tips. And the reason
this works is something called
reciprocity. People feel obligated to
give back to people when there's three
things that occur. when someone gives
them a gift, when it's personalized to
them, and when it's unexpected. And so,
if you can weave those three things into
the gifts that you give, you'll have
people feel far more obligated to comply
to the request that you make. And so, if
you have a business and you have a way
of giving something to a customer,
especially before they're about to make
a purchasing decision, this is where you
can use the psychology tactic to make
more money.
>> Vonte,
>> out of these two videos, which one would
you say is more valuable?
>> Of course, the Hormosi one. So like the
first one, you know, the first thing he
says is you got to have you got to be
fast. You have to have speed. Okay. I
have a restaurant that actually is a
little slow and our kitchen is tiny and
we have a very big issue with getting
the food out fast. I have no idea how to
solve that issue with what this guy said
to me. Hormosi's video solves the issue
immediately. Like I can go do this right
now and and change the game immediately.
So yeah, that's that's the big
difference. Always like using this
frame, Avante. If you could play the
Instagram lottery whenever it comes down
to the real page and you got to pay $5
to see a video and let's say it was
meant to be like this premium great
video and you got to pay $5 and it would
just be like, "Okay, I'll pay $5 and
I'll get a premium video sent to me." If
you would have paid $5 and installed
this video, would you be disappointed,
satisfied, or have a neutral feeling
about seeing this video for $5?
>> I would opt out of the $5 program
forever. [laughter]
And let's say you paid $5 and this video
would have came up. Would you be
disappointed, satisfied, or feel
neutral?
>> Yeah. In that case, then where are we
going to keep going? For sure.
>> That is the difference in between a
broad and a narrow problem. And whenever
it comes down to scripting these videos,
100%.
A lot of you guys mentioned like little
optimizations that we could make to each
and every single one of these videos. As
in this guy, he threw in a gay little
CTA. this guy, he was monotone
throughout the entirety of the video.
That said, we definitely could have
optimized these videos. However, would
that have been the correct endeavor?
Would that have been the biggest lever
that they could have pulled to have a
better performing video? In my opinion,
no. They could have just look looked at
it from the frame of ah, this is too
broad. Let's focus on one out of the
seven things that I mentioned, make an
entire video around that one thing. That
way, I can give someone a complete
solution that they deem is valuable.
And that is the difference between broad
and narrow. So to get into the science
on why it's actually better and how you
can do this for yourself, we'll start
with number one, why narrow problems
make a better video, not for you, but
for the viewer. And then why is it
better for you and why it's easier to
make a narrow video and then we'll go
over the difference between narrow and
niche and how to narrow down your ideas
in three simple steps. So number one,
why do narrow problems make a better
video for the viewer? There's three
reasons in there's three reasons in
particular. Let me grab this. All right.
First reason, a broad problem gives
homework. If avant that restaurant
video, it's like, okay, I got a couple I
got a couple restaurants. Cool. I need
to learn something here. What does this
guy have to give me? He gives him seven
things. And although Ivante knows they
are all good things to do, he just
doesn't know how to do them based off
the video. However, in the herozi
example, he solved the narrow problem
and gave a complete solution.
Which means that instead of Ivante
getting vague and surface level
information on how to improve his
restaurant business, he now has
actionable and valuable information that
he can know that he can now implement on
directly after the video. And then now
Avante is looking at this video as if
he's not just trying to speak to
everyone and beginner restaurant owners
to where it doesn't really resonate with
Avante because he already knew the
information inside the video. He knows
he needs to get the food out quicker. He
knows that's a problem. But instead with
the narrow problem with Hermosis video,
it feels like Hermosi is speaking
directly to Avante because now he's
looking at it from a sense of wow, I had
this problem or I didn't even know that
this problem existed realistically and I
now have the solution solution to the
said problem to where I can go make more
money directly after this. What else
does this guy have that I could buy? And
that's going to be the state that Avant
is put in after watching that said
video. Now, that is the benefit to the
viewer. However, the benefit to you guys
is, in my opinion, more substantial
because whenever you make a narrow
problem or whenever you solve a narrow
problem within your video, number one,
it's going to be easier to script just
because if you're trying to solve here's
how to lose 100 pounds in, let's say 10
months, that's a really, really
difficult problem to solve. And you're
sitting there and you're trying to
you're looking at the all the
information that you can give. You're
sitting there for hours just trying to
think about, well, how can I distill
this down into 90 seconds? And in that
you have no clear direction on what to
do and quite frankly it's just harder to
structure. However, whenever you have a
narrow script, all of the sudden you now
have a clear input of just like, okay,
cool. I'm going to teach them on how to
do leg extensions. And in that, you no
longer have to sit there and think
about, okay, well, how do I distill this
down to one thing? How do I how do I
make this shorter? How do I make this
more relevant? It's just a overall much
easier video to script. On top of that,
number two, it's going to be shorter
videos in general. So if you choose one
problem in in comparison to eight
problems by definition it should be
shorter which means that within a let's
say 45 second video in comparison to a
90 secondond video you have less
opportunity for to make mistakes in the
script in that 45se secondond video in
comparison to the 90 secondond video.
Number two it's easier to have higher
retention because you have to keep them
for 45 seconds instead of 90. Then also
on top of that if we're looking at this
restaurant video this could have been 10
videos. So by that you could literally
take this one video and make 10 videos
off of this one idea
by just narrowing it down to 10 narrow
problems. So overall it's not like
narrow problems is like uh something you
have to
don't get me wrong it's definitely a
skill you have to acquire but it's not
going to be extra work you have to do.
If anything it's less work for better
result. Does this all make sense right
here on why you should be narrowing down
your videos? Can I get a thumbs up if
everyone's with me?
>> Quick question.
>> Go ahead, ABT.
>> If you're just starting out, right, and
you're introducing yourself to your
audience, does it make more sense to do
a couple broader videos before solving a
specific problem? Like, let's say you
never posted anything and then out of
nowhere you're like, here's the video
that solves a very specific problem for
personal injury lawyers or lawyers,
whatever. Like, is it good to come out
of the gate with such narrow topics or
do you kind of set the stage and then
come in? I like the way AB's thinking
and I like the direction that he's
taking me right now. Mr. Abb, in your
mind, what is leading you to believe on
why or even why that might be somewhat
beneficial to make the broad video
instead of the narrow video? Is it just
because you think the broad video is
going to get more views?
>> Well, I mean, in the in the modules, you
have this concept versus broad like
speak to a broader audience and then
niche down to your ideal client within
the script. So I'm trying to like
consolidate those two ideas like
speaking to a broad audience but solving
a very specific problem.
>> I love you ABD. You are my favorite
today. You know that.
>> So the first thing that you all have to
understand is that whenever I say narrow
I do not mean niche.
Choosing a narrow problem does not mean
choosing a more niche problem. Whenever
I say narrow down your idea, I'm not
saying niche down your idea. Whenever
you niche down your idea, you're making
your video less accessible to more
people.
That's what you don't want to do, and
that's what I presume AB was thinking
about whenever you're saying narrowing
down the video versus making it broad.
You don't want to reduce the amount of
people that you speak to. Whenever you
choose a narrow problem, that's choosing
a niche problem. A narrow problem means
that you are creating a more potent
solution to a common problem that most
likely has not been solved in the
viewer's mind. So, for example,
does who here goes to the gym? Just say
I.
>> I.
>> Nathan.
>> Yes.
>> Do you do leg extensions?
>> Of course.
>> Cool. Someone else say I. Whoever goes
to the gym,
>> I
bring yourself to that. Bring yourself
too.
>> There you go. Simon, do you do leg
extensions?
>> Yes, sir.
Everyone here that goes to the gym, I
would imagine, has done leg extensions
at some point or would be interested in
doing the most optimal exercise to get
bigger legs. Therefore, this video isn't
niching down to where less people are
interested. It's just choosing a more
narrow problem that it could solve.
So, I think the most important caveat to
have in your mind is that I don't want
to niche down my video to where less
people to where it's relevant to less
people. You just want to narrow down the
problem that's still going to be
relevant to all of your idol clients,
but this time we're just choosing a
problem that we can give a unique and
more potent solution to. So, I'd imagine
before seeing this video, most people
haven't heard this information around
leaning the seat back and getting better
growth based around whatever the [__]
you talked about on your rectus remorse.
Has anyone heard about that until
they've seen this video?
>> Nope.
And I'm going to try it.
>> [laughter]
>> And that is why narrowing down is still
in my opinion the best next step no
matter where you are within the journey.
I think you can do more broad videos as
you age as a creator rather than at the
beginning because there definitely are
videos that are broad that still go
viral. We're not saying that it doesn't
work. There's definitely broad videos
out there that perform extremely well.
However, in my opinion, it's going to be
much easier to make a viral narrow video
than a viral broad video because the
again for the same reasons here of just
like number one, it's easier to script.
Number two, it's shorter so there's less
opportunity for mistakes and also on top
of that you'd have more videos to
create. The main thing you want to keep
on your mind is just is this problem
still prevalent across majority of my
idol clients? If the answer is yes,
awesome. If the answer is no, you've
niched down. That's not what we want to
do. So, whenever it comes down to
narrowing down your videos, you can do
it within three simple steps. Number one
is that every single one of you here,
except for the three that are gambling,
have had your war plan, which means that
you have your quadrants.
So, number one is to lay out your four
quadrants of your content compass, which
is what you're speaking about in
general, the four topics you're going to
cover within your content. Then number
two, you want to become extremely clear
on who you're speaking to. Again, if
you're not one of the gamblers, you
already have this as well. You know
exactly who you're speaking to within
your idol client based off the worksheet
that you guys would have filled out
whenever you built your war plan. Which
means number three, there's only one
thing you have to do out of these three
things, which is to begin creating trees
for each and every single one of your
quadrants or content ideas. And what you
want to do within these trees is think
of the most general ideas possible
around one of the four topics within
your quadrants. Then narrow down that
idea until you get to the end of that
tree. So here's what that looks like.
Here's what that looks like. So for Jeff
Nippard, I always like using this guy. I
think Jeff is the goat. Jeff is
spectacular. So whenever I was building
out the idea of the content compass, the
first guy I wanted to understand is
Jeff. So, I went ahead and broke down
his four quadrants. His four quadrants
are number one, how to optimize your
exercises. Number two, how to optimize
your nutrition and supplement strategy.
Number three, how do you train based off
science? And number four, how does all
this optimal fitness stuff apply to real
world application and performance? Now,
understanding these his quadrants aren't
necessarily aren't uh dire for you
understanding the process. All you need
to understand is that he talks about
these four things within all of his
videos. And he speaks to this one
person. He speaks to regular lifter who
wants to improve muscle growth,
performance, and longevity by applying
research backed in fitness, nutrition,
and training strategies. This is what he
talks about and this is what he and this
is who he talks to. So understanding
that that we have the first two steps
now we can begin the third step of
narrowing down one of his quadrants and
then one of the ideas inside that
quadrant. So let's imagine that he wants
to narrow down his first quadrant
exercise optimization.
So once you have that clarity of which
quadrant we're going to narrow down then
you can just think about a really broad
idea within that quadrant. So, let's say
the first really, really broad idea
could be how to exercise to build
muscle. That's the whole point, right?
Cool. Let's go one deeper. How can we
niche down the idea of ah [__] I can
tell one of you guys are just going to
go straight to the end. Um, let's see
who does this well. Not Nick. I can tell
you that much. Raven, if you had to go
one below how to exercise to build
muscle, how would you narrow this topic
down?
I pick a muscle group.
>> Ah.
Ah, Mr. Raven, he peaked. [laughter]
Cool. So, below that, if you think about
how to grow your legs. Okay, cool.
What's the best leg workout? Like,
what's the basically where this guy
landed? This guy landed it. What's the
best leg workout? However, we're not
going to go that far. This video only
got 6K views. This one got 6 million.
We're not just going to stop there.
We're going to continue to narrow. So,
if we continue to narrow down and go one
more down, not that far down. You can
think about, okay, well, what's the best
leg day exercises?
That's a little bit better. But we can
go even further. What's the best leg day
machine?
Ah, so we're not talking about squats.
Carlos obviously has a,000 lb squat. He
likes to do squats. We're not doing
squats today. We're not doing compound
movements. We're doing machine
movements. Let's go one further down.
Ah, there we go. What's the best quad
machine? Let's choose it. Let's choose
what muscle group we're going to be
targeting targeting within our legs.
Let's go one more further down. Let's
say we choose leg extension as the best
quad machine. Well, now we have to talk
about well, what's the best leg
extension form? And here, honestly,
might not be a bad place to stop.
However, I think we can still go
further. Best seated position for leg
extensions.
That's pretty [__] narrow. Can we
continue to narrow this one?
What's how can we go even further?
Raven, how tall are you?
>> 32.
>> Cool. So Raven is a taller individual.
Now Jeff is the opposite of that. So
maybe Raven is like, okay, this might
work for me, but I'm trying to see it
for someone that looks more like me. Not
5'6. I'm trying to look for 6'2. So we
can go a little bit further and say,
well, what does it look like for tall
lifters? This is one more that we can
narrow down. Now, the problem with this,
abed, full circling back to your initial
question, is that if we were to make
this video, we would now be ostracizing
viewers, which means we're niching the
video down to only a subset of our idol
clients, cuz not all of our idol clients
or not all of Jeff's idol clients are
going to be tall. So, this would be an
example of us niching down too far. And
we can even do it a different example of
best duty position for leg extensions to
avoid knee pain. Charles, you're the
first person that comes to mind, but I'm
going skip you because I do you too
much. Avante, this might be beneficial
to Avante at his age, but maybe not
Raven at the H. Raven's going up there,
too. Raven's You're what, 27? All right,
maybe it's applicable for Raven. Either
way, if I don't No, no, of course not.
Either way, [laughter]
if let's say Raven doesn't have knee
pain, but Avante does, now we're only
speaking to Avante and not Raven.
Therefore, we're ostracizing viewers. We
never want to niche down who we're
speaking to whenever it comes down to
our idol clients.
And that's the main thing I want you
guys to take away from this now that you
guys know how to do it. I want to make
sure you guys know what not to do and
not and what mistake not to make
whenever you narrow down the problems.
So, what you want to do is you want to
narrow down your video until you can
guarantee a win based on your idol
client's assumed level of knowledge, but
not narrowing down so far to where
you're excluding noticeable percentages
of your idol clients. So, on the live
calls, we did this for Danielle and
Tony. I'll walk you guys through what we
did for Danielle and Tony, and then for
three of you, I'll do it live for you
guys as well. So for Danielle, for you
guys that don't know Danielle, she is a
sales coach and she helps people sell
basically tangible ROI for businesses
that it's not clear. For example, for
Nexus, it's like I'm sure on the sales
call we were like, how uh how much is
your thinking? You say 5K and we're
like, all right, so we hope you sell
four more of those with the content that
we're creating. That recoups your
investment. Do you think you can sell
four more? You're going to say yes. It's
like, all right, cool. There's a clear
ROI. However, for Nathan on the other
side of that, it's like, "Hey, I'll make
you more fit and you pay me 5K." And
it's like, "Well, how do I get that 5K
back?" There's no clear ROI. And
Danielle is an expert within making it
clear on what the ROI looks like for
offers like fitness and all that other
good jazz. So, her idol client for this
offer is primarily going to be fitness
coaches and closers that want to
increase their close rate. So, on the
call, I asked her, "What's just like a
broad idea on just
uh one of these four things. I believe
the one that we would have chosen might
have been
what would it have been? I think it
would have been sales simple sales
systems or sales operations. Either or.
She gave me follow-up. So, first would
have been follow-up. I asked her, "How
can we narrow that down?" She gave me
how to do a follow-up. I was like,
[laughter] I thought that was implied,
but that technically narrows it down.
Awesome. Then the next one she gave me
is how to get a response on a follow-up.
So, we went from how to get a response
on a follow-up to actually narrowing
down to how to get your client to
respond after you've been ghosted. Ah.
Ah.
Well, we can go a little bit deeper than
that. What is the best meme, best three
memes to send your client for them to
respond after you've been ghosted? So,
it's no longer how do you get your
client to respond. What is the best
three memes to send after your client
has ghosted you? we narrow it down a
little bit further to what is the best
meme. So instead of there being three,
we can narrow down the quantity to what
is the best meme to send your client for
them to respond to you after you've been
ghosted.
Now, if I were to show, let's say, Mr.
Carlos, how to do a follow-up versus
what is the best meme to send your
client to them for them to respond after
you've been ghosted? Which one would you
be more interested in knowing the answer
to?
>> Yeah, the meme.
>> Of course, I want to know the meme. I
still don't know the meme.
>> So,
>> which is for sure.
>> So, now we'll choose three of you guys.
We'll choose you'll give me your niche.
You'll give me your out client. And then
we'll do a live problem narrowing for
you to leave with. Now,
>> first, [laughter]
>> now choosing these three is quite
difficult. Prodigy inside the school who
is the number one on the leaderboard
right now that's on the call
>> right now it would be Amelio.
>> Amelio you guys better hope that you
guys have said something to Amelio
within the past couple of days. Amelio
>> you
>> you're going to go first and then you're
going to choose the other two people
that get to go after. You got to do me a
like. [laughter]
>> All right, Mr. Amelia, what is your
niche?
>> I'm a barber coach.
>> Barber coach. Cool. And then who are
your idol clients?
>> Um,
barbers making around
5k
um that want to scale their business to
15 or 20k a month with social media.
>> [laughter]
>> Cool. All right, Amelia, what are your
four quadrants? All right, social media
strategy. What is a more narrow idea
than social media strategy? How can we
narrow this down just by one? Don't tell
me the most crazy.
>> Okay. Um,
>> you need to see that, Alexi. You're not
seeing this either. All right.
>> It could be like what?
>> It could be what?
>> It could be like what types of content
to do to get clients. What types of
content?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. What's one more narrower than
this?
>> The best converting type of content
>> or the best the top No, no, no. Yeah.
The the the number one converting
content.
I don't know how you would say that
better. The the content that converts
the most fine. The number one content.
But that's still [__] [laughter]
>> Do I like the direction that's going to
go? What types of content should you
create? What are the top five types of
content you should create?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What are the top five converting
types of content?
Cool. What's more what's one more narrow
than this?
>> The number one content.
>> That's fair. And what is And what is
that?
Um, it's called a consultation style
video.
>> Consultation style video. Cool. So,
we're talking about number one, and
that's going to be the consultation. How
can we narrow that down? Whenever you're
consulting someone, how do you do what
do you do? What What do you say? Do you
do you say statements?
Do you say facts?
>> Oh, questions. It could be like the
questions to ask in the video or just
still
>> Can we narrow that down any further?
Um, let me see.
>> I could You could do like the best
question to ask.
>> You could you could
>> the best question to ask during the
conotation video.
>> You could do that. I also don't want to
shy you guys away from like top threes.
Don't get me wrong, top three is
definitely going to be beneficial.
Um, yeah, we we definitely could do one
or the other.
Okay. Could we narrow this down any
further?
>> Could you do top word? What's the top
word to use? [laughter]
The top word on top um
I don't know. I I think it's pretty
narrow.
>> It is
>> pretty narrow. I can't think of anything
that's probably pretty narrow.
>> It is pretty narrow. I think the only
direction that we could go is the time
that you'd use the question. So for
example, what is the top consoleation
question
you should ask
for
every single new client? For every
single firsttime client. Cool.
Now, I would not say I prefer this one
over this one.
>> Yeah. Me either. I like the other one.
>> I like the other one, too. We could
force keeping to narrow it down.
However, this is a much more this is a
much more narrow problem than what are
the best types of content that you
should create.
>> Raven, earlier you mentioned that you
felt like,
can you scroll across? Scroll back to
where we were. Raven, you mentioned that
there was something that Yeah. getting a
higher CTR. You were like, uh, I'd maybe
be more interested in a video to do with
a higher CTR than just what are the best
facial expressions. Correct.
>> Yep.
>> Part of the issue is not necessarily
that if that problem was solved for you
that facial expressions or knowing the
best facial expressions would be more
valuable than getting a higher CTR. I
imagine you would care much more about
getting a higher CTR than just what are
the best facial expressions. The biggest
thing is that in 60 seconds for someone
to actually explain everything that is
involved getting a higher CTR is not
going to be possible compared to just
here's the best facial expressions. So,
one of the key things when you are
narrowing down your selection is you
want to make sure that the point you're
stopping at or if you're not sure,
should I stop at this point? Do I need
to go a little bit further? Whatever it
is, like in the situation we are here,
Amelia, I'd be very confident that you
could give a complete solution to what
is the top question to ask for a
consultation style video
>> to where then I don't see much benefit
in going any narrower than that.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense what you
said because we also got to put in the
fact that we only have 60 seconds to do
that. So, try to explain the whole like
how to fix a clickthrough rate versus
like the best facial expressions like
it's 90 and day with the time that we
have. Now, if it was like I I guess what
you're saying was like a longer format
that yeah, we could do that technically,
but since we only have 60 seconds, we
have to [__] narrow the problem down.
>> That was really really good. I think
that was a really really good caveat to
add because even when we look at the
videos up here, it's like of course how
to grow your legs is more valuable than
what is the most optimal sitting
position for leg extensions. How we're
speaking in the format of the video in
itself in the 60 seconds that you have.
Of course, how to increase restaurant
revenue and the only six ways to do so
versus how to use a mint to get more
tips. If you had to choose which one you
want to know, of course, we would choose
this one. It just so happens that if we
watch these videos, we clearly see what
happens whenever we try to do that
stupid [__]
>> And we clearly see what happens whenever
we're watching the video on which one we
would prefer to watch. And we also can
clearly see the results in between the
two. So now that Prod mentioned that,
does that make does that make sense to
you as well, Raven?
>> Yeah. And I wrote that down as like my
final piece of the checklist as I go
through drafting a script. It's like
make sure there's a complete solution
and it leaves no questions. So, I'll
just ask that about each script that I
write.
>> Complete decision.
>> Is there no questions left?
>> Perfect. Amelio, is there any reason why
you couldn't create this video today?
>> No, no reason at all.
>> Would it be a difficult video for you to
create?
>> Honestly, easy as [__]
>> My next question to you, Mr. Alio, is
what are the top five types of content
that a barber should create?
Um well, voice over problem solution. Um
consultation style videos.
Um
they [__] a lot. You can do like quick
before and afters.
Um you can do like tutorial styles,
tutorial style videos. Um you can do
like POV POV content like cutting clips
of POV. Um
>> cool. With those five, if you were to
tell who here looks like they could be a
barber.
>> Charles, your name's just sticking out
right now because you're Charles Barber.
But I don't think Charles [laughter]
Barber.
>> If let's say for example, Franco was
watching that video and he went to
Barbara and you would just say, "Those
are the top five pieces of content." The
next thing that's going to be in
Franco's mind is how do I create those?
But within the 60 seconds, you just
explain the five pieces of content.
That's it. You just told me those five
and I have no idea what the [__] to do.
Nice. That makes a lot of sense.